{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red154\green154\blue154;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c66775;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 giving things to people sometimes gives \'93you can only do that to something animate.\'94\
\cf2 player keeps Christy\'92s note after giving it to Doris.\cf0 \
\cf2 x road in ridge and lake doesn\'92t work\cf0 \
christy should object to cold coffee\
\cf2 woah if you get into the truck and close it.\cf0 \
\cf2 can open truck hood from inside truck\cf0 \
\cf2 remove \'93The crystal adornment at the apex of the obelisk is dark.\'94 descriptions before it\'92s ever been lit.\cf0 \
\cf2 make sound booth a leavable room\cf0 \
more synonyms for lizard people\
enter lake should work\
\
>x lamp\
A table lamp, with a brass base and missing a shade. It's meant to plug into an outlet. It looks like it's seen better days. It is dark.\
\
The table lamp is currently switched off.\
\
wax floor should work\
turn off show scenery supporters contents\
connect lamp to wires\
\
>x lamp\
A table lamp, with a brass base and missing a shade. It's meant to plug into an outlet. It looks like it's seen better days. It is dark.\
\
The table lamp is currently switched on.\
\
The table lamp is plugged into the electrical outlet. \
\
tap fork use fork hit fork\
hint wires mentions battery right away\
\
x horton house\
Which do you mean, Horton House or the Horton House door?\
\
touch walls should work\
x locker 72 should work\
use locksmith\
\
when player reads schedule, make that reveal backpack.\
don\'92t allow christy interjection after regular dialogue. same with doris. \
}